every great french toast has two
important elements to it the bread and
the batter the batter is just a simple
custard eggs milk and then some
flavorings so first I'm gonna measure
out my milk this is two cups of milk and
this makes about enough batter for one
loaf depending on how stay on your bread
is now I'm going to crack my eggs and
I'm using three
I love the flavor of spices especially
in French toast
and whenever I can I buy them whole the
idea here is that they last a really
long time and the flavor is so much
stronger so you really can't lose going
to start with my nutmeg and you can see
here I have a whole nutmeg and all you
do to break it down you don't have to
crack it or anything like that you just
grate it just like this a nutmeg is a
very strong flavor especially when
you're using it whole like this a little
goes a long way
so I'm only adding about a quarter
teaspoon or you know a small pinch and
it's the same with cinnamon I like to
buy a pan and wait it stretch it he's so
good and the cool thing about using
whole spices is they last up to two to
three years the ground ones only six
months so it's totally worth it and this
a fine grater is one of my favorite
kitchen tools I use it for I use it for
this it's just super useful you're gonna
give it a quick whisk just to integrate
all of the ingredients and I want it
really smooth it doesn't need to look
like scrambled eggs it needs to be even
further along just an all even color
well that looks good time to add one of
my favorite ingredients vanilla and I
like to add this at the very end because
it'll take a while but vanilla can
curdle raw egg so I'm just gonna do it
at the very end just about a teaspoon of
vanilla you don't need to overpower it
the smells amazing the combination of
vanilla with cinnamon and some nutmeg so
good and now for my secret weapon the
corn flakes so I put them in a plastic
baggie and I have my rolling pin and I'm
basically just gonna roll it across
smashing them up until I get the texture
I want just like this
well this looks perfect
I want the flakes to be small enough
that they cling to the French toast but
not so small that you lose all that
wonderful texture well this is ready to
go for my bread I'm using a beautiful
brioche loaf I love this because it's an
egg bread so it's really rich and
typically more stale the bread the
better the French toast so this one's
been sitting out for quite a while I
love my french toast nice and thick so
I'm giving these about a one-inch slice
well all of my ingredients are ready I'm
gonna start making french toast I have
my assembly-line of all of my
ingredients ready to go so I have my
bread my batter and my corn flakes so
gonna get dipping so my bread goes
straight into the batter just like this
and I'm going to press it down and let
it soak up just like a sponge
I don't want it over so good because
then it'll start to break down a little
bit and then straight onto the
cornflakes and I'm going to press in
hard here then I'm flipping
ah look at that amazing texture I've set
my pan over medium heat and the idea
here is I want to cook my french toast
really evenly I want a golden brown on
the outside and completely cooked
through and I'm using butter to grease
my pan but you can use anything you like
a plain oil cooking spray my butter is
melted so it's time to cook just
straight on to the pan so my french
toast has been cooking and it's nice and
golden brown on the bottom and it's been
cooking through so I'm going to flip it
whoo look at that so the corn flakes
have gotten right into the bread so now
I have this delicious crispy crust well
this looks done so I'm going to set this
aside and get started on my next slice
and remember this is something where
patience is a virtue you want to cook it
low and slow so it gets perfectly golden
brown and cooked all the way through
I can hardly contain myself this needs
some syrup and powdered sugar and there
really isn't a lot of sugar in the
actual batter so I'm not gonna feel too
bad about using this syrup a little bit
of powdered sugar so it looks like that
diner french toast
and now I'm gonna give it a try
mmm
that's really good though if cornflakes
just bring a really interesting texture
to the french toast that i absolutely
love it's so good with syrup and the
soft soft bread and then the crunchy
exterior it's a really good combination